Senior Software Developer - Central London - £80K - £100K (DOE)

This leading hedge fund in the Insurance Linked Securities Space is looking for a Senior Developer to join their newly established development team. You will centralise the development and will provide clean, effective, integrated and well managed solutions for the business over the long term. This company is fast growing and have grown to over 50 people in 5 countries, and show no sign of slowing down! You will work closely with your team of Software Engineers, developing software tools and models that support the business by using your knowledge of modern software development techniques and technologies.

Role and responsibilities:
Responsible for delivering technology to the business

Senior Developer in a small team of developers and IT professionals with a love of coding and a creative approach to greenfield projects.
Work with stakeholders across the business to identify technology solutions. Prioritise and manage projects to deliver timely and effective solutions to improve the business. This will include testing, documentation, and roll-out. Ensure that various parts of the business are talking to each other to deliver an integrated firm-wide approach as appropriate

There will be a wide latitude in choice of implementation details. However current technology uses .NET (F# and C#), Java, Javascript (Node and Angular), SQL Server, Excel, and CUDA

Candidate Background


Some experience of insurance, reinsurance, ILS/hedge fund based technology development would be considered an advantage
Experience of leading a software team and track record of delivering quality solutions on time and budget.
Experience with software project management and testing methodologies
The ability to design and implement clean, high quality, well-designed software
Sustained exposure to at least one statically typed programming language
Experience working in and Agile, DevOps environment
Strong C# or Java experience, and ideally the ability to work with both.
Experience in building APIs and ideally workflows
Solid understanding and practical experience working with data, ideally both relational databases and NoSQL, good understanding of data modelling and data structures
Focus on scalability and performance of code, data and systems
Experience in data analytics using Python and/or functional programming desirable

Key Personality Attributes


Strong interpersonal skills, team player and able to work across intra-organisational boundaries
Approachable and open personality, cultural sensitivity and ability to work with different personalities
Confidence to challenge existing process in a constructive and collaborative manner
Project gravitas in dealing with senior external and internal stakeholders
Excellent organisational skills with ability to prioritise sensibly and manage expectations
Excellent oral and written communication skills

Extensive benefits including bonus, flexitime, holidays, generous pension and much more await for the right candidate. To find out more about this opportunity or if this sounds like a role for you it's vital that you get in touch with Jack ASAP on 0207 379 9955.

Interviews have started to commence so please don't miss out and send your CV to jack.breen@senitor.com

Senior Software Developer - Central London - £80K - £100K (DOE)

For more information about Senitor and the opportunities we have to offer follow us on Twitter @SenitorIT

Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
Wirex is an exceptionally high growth FinTech startup. With funding to date and another fund raise on the horizon; the business is on the forefront of the industry and looking to close the gap between traditional financial services & FinTech.
Five years ago we launched as Wirex are are already around 200 employees and expected to grow to over 300 in 2020. We are predominantly split between our Tech team in Kiev and our headquarters in London where we house our Marketing and Operations teams.
Due to International expansion we have opened up offices in Tokyo, Singapore, Atlanta and Toronto. We have employees on the ground in each and are scaling these right now.

The Trading analyst will participate in the market making / flow automation effort at Wirex. They will be taught about market microstructure and the specific crypto market behaviour, risk management and arbitrage strategies.

They will be introduced and trained in relevant softwares, exchanges and information systems which will equip them to take a high level of responsibility quickly.
Requirements
What you will be doing

Monitor and develop firm-wide daily risk and P&L reporting
Monitor, develop and test algorithmic quantitative market-making strategies
Monitor, develop and test execution algorithms (SOR, Implementation shortfall, VWAP, etc..)
Manage relationships with brokers for API implementation, testing and monitoring.
Analyze data for new opportunities in the trading space: derivatives - lending, margin trading, etc.
Working on various trading and data-related projects, closely with treasury, marketing, and IT.

What you need

High interest in crypto and fx markets.
Problem solver with a startup mindset. Innovative mind with a desire to optimize the strategies and flow.
University degree, preferably in either financial engineering, mathematics, actuarial science, computer science, engineering, statistics/economics or related field.
Work/Internship experience in the trading space will be advantageous.
Exposure to at least one of these languages, or an object oriented language: Java, Python.
Proactive
Benefits
25 days Holiday
Health cover
Flexible office hours
Work on an incredible innovative product
Opportunity to grow your career and professional development at an innovative FinTech company
Central Location
Work in a friendly and creative environment
Regular team gatherings and social events
Application Support Analyst
Position: Application Support Analyst
Company: Top-tier investment and wealth management firm
Location: London
Salary: £60,000-£75,000
Posting date: 8 November 2019
Closing date of advert: 06th December 2019
Job Type: Permanent
A top-tier London based investment and wealth management firm with a solid reputation and track record of building relative value and tail risk strategies is seeking to recruit an Application Support Analyst.
Duties and Responsibilities:
We are a very successful Hedge Fund looking for an Application Support Analyst. This is a long term role where we expect the successful candidate to grow professionally over the span of several years from junior analyst, to analyst, to senior analyst. The role focuses on Python, SQL, FIS Front Arena and some C#. On the functional side the successful candidate will be expected to learn more and more about finance over time. This role requires flexibility to work alternatively early (from 8:00am) shifts and late (to 22:00) shifts as well as sometimes being on call during night shifts and weekends.
Resolution of L1/L2 issuesDetailed analysis of issues that need escalation to L3Day to day management of a complex application suite, improving stability and performance over timeOvernight support as necessary, systems are global in scope. On call L2 support. Able to liaise with remote teamsRelease management working closely with the Dev teamImprove processes, tools and procedures as neededPerform low complexity development tasks if/when support tasks allow it
Skills and Experience:

Candidates are required to have the following:
Calm and easy going person, able to empathise with distressed users in a fast paced, high performance environment. Ability to quickly discover users' personality traits and manage them accordingly.Good knowledge of Linux and Bash is essential. Fluency in Perl and Python is highly desirable.5+ years of professional experience and programming skills, ideally in the Financial Industry but candidates with different backgrounds will be considered.Some understanding of Fixed Income financial products would be beneficial. For example bonds, swaps, IR futures, repos, swaptions, bond futures, etc.Some experience dealing with the Front Office, ideally in a Hedge Fund, would be advantageous.Working knowledge of one or more of FIS Front Arena, Excel, SQL, and C# would be a plus.

Apply:
Please send your up-to-date CV to ebarnard@capulaglobal.com by 6th December 2019
Closing Date:
6th December 2019
Junior Quantitative Analyst / Developer (Python Pandas NumPy R Matlab Excel). Would you like to be challenged; working on complex and interesting systems? You could be joining a global FinTech and enjoying an informal atmosphere in the City with a good work life balance including flexible working hours, casual dress code, bright, funky offices and a peaceful work environment.

As a Junior Quantitative Analyst / Developer you will develop and maintain pricing models for new and increasingly complex products. You'll gain an indepth understanding of current models and strive to make improvements, working with senior Quants and Traders on strategy as well as providing day to day trading analysis and reporting. On a day-to-day basis you'll carryout monitoring and configuration management as well as exception investigation on the live system. This is an excellent opportunity to learn and develop your skills working with an extremely talented team.

You'll be working in an informal atmosphere in the City with a good work life balance, casual dress code, bright, funky offices and a peaceful work environment.

Requirements:
Degree educated Quantitative Finance, Mathematics, Computer SciencePython and Excel skillsGood knowledge of Pandas, NumPy, Matlab, R or similar mathematically based technologiesIdeally you will have experience with SQL and time-series dataExcellent written and verbal communication skills
As a Junior Quantitative Analyst / Developer you will earn a competitive salary (to £40k) plus bonus and benefits.

Apply now or call to find out more about this Junior Quantitative Analyst / Developer (Python Pandas NumPy R Matlab Excel) opportunity.
Engineering Manager - Python
London
Up to £110,000
This is your chance to work for a rapidly growing InsurTech company in London. This company is looking for an experienced Team Leader to help manage their engineering function who are building out the backend of their software in Python. You'll have the opportunity to manage, develop and grow their talented software engineering team, building the platform in microservices, using Docker + Kubernetes, and deploying everything onto AWS. If you are looking for a step up from your current role where you will have massive opportunities to progress as the company grows, then this might be the opportunity for you!
THE COMPANY:
Having just received £45 million in funding, listed as one of the top 3 disruptions to watch on the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 and in Wired magazine as one of the 5 hottest start-ups in London, this company is re-imagining insurance for modern businesses and the self-employed. They are building a software platform to bring flexible insurance options targeted at the gig-economy.
THE ROLE:
Your role working as the Engineering Manager will be working across a number of initiatives across platform, data, architecture and team mentoring. Other responsibilities will include:
Recruiting experts into your team
Play a key role in developing new core insurance products
Improve and optimise existing products
Design the architecture of their platform to support the company's long-term vision
Leading code reviews
Mentor other more junior members of the team
Contribute to hands-on coding in Python
YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:
What your role as an Engineering Manager will require:
Commercial Software Engineering experience
Strong knowledge of Python
AWS cloud architecture experience
Leadership and Management experience of a software team
Good foundation in Agile development practices
Excellent communication skills
TDD/BDD
THE BENEFITS:
The salary for your role as a Engineering Manager is up to £110,000.
Along with this salary, the company are providing a wide range of benefits:
Working with founders from VC backed fast-growing start-ups
Great office location
Equipment of your choice
Company funded mental health program
Free office breakfast every Friday!
HOW TO APPLY:
Please register your interest by sending your CV to Jessica Boss via the Apply link on this page.
Python Developer
London
Up to £65,000
This is your chance to work for a rapidly growing InsurTech company in London. This company is looking for an experienced Python Developer to help build the backend of their software in Python. You'll have the opportunity to work within their talented software engineering team, building the platform in microservices, using Docker + Kubernetes, and deploying everything onto AWS. If you are looking for a step up from your current role where you will have massive opportunities to progress as the company grows, then this might be the opportunity for you!
THE COMPANY:
Having just received £45 million in funding, listed as one of the top 3 disruptions to watch on the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 and in Wired magazine as one of the 5 hottest start-ups in London, this company is re-imagining insurance for modern businesses and the self-employed. They are building a software platform to bring flexible insurance options targeted at the gig-economy.
THE ROLE:
Your role working as the Python Developer will be working across a number of initiatives across platform, data, architecture and team mentoring. Other responsibilities will include:
Play a key role in developing new core insurance products
Improve and optimise existing products
Help develop the architecture of their platform to support the company's long-term vision
Contribute to code reviews
Mentor other more junior members of the team
YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:
What your role as a Python Developer will require:
Commercial Software Engineering experience
Strong knowledge of Python
AWS cloud architecture experience
Good foundation in Agile development practices
Excellent communication skills
TDD/BDD
THE BENEFITS:
The salary for your role as a Python Developer is up to £65,000.
Along with this salary, the company are providing a wide range of benefits:
Working with founders from VC backed fast-growing start-ups
Great office location
Equipment of your choice
Company funded mental health program
Free office breakfast every Friday!
HOW TO APPLY:
Please register your interest by sending your CV to Jessica Boss via the Apply link on this page.
Full-Stack Software Engineer
6 months
Greater London
£450-£525
THE COMPANY
This leading healthcare company is to ensure healthcare will be accessible for everyone globally. They are looking for a Software Engineer to join their team to build a platform that will allow medical professionals to analyse medical data. They are looking for Full-Stack Engineers, who are willing to develop their skills and contribute to an exciting project.

THE ROLE
As a Full-Stack Engineer, you will:
Develop products in line with client tickets
You'll be able to mentor junior members of the team
Work with internal stakeholders
Support microservices based architecture
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
The ideal candidate will have experience:
Strong experience either Front or Back-end (HTML, JavaScript and React) (Python and Django)
Previous experience mentoring Junior Engineers and Developers.
Commercial practice working in an Agile team
Can write perfect unit and integration tests
You will be at an advantage if you have excellent non tech communication skills.
HOW TO APPLY
Please register your interest by sending your CV via the Apply link on this page. For more information about similar data science roles at Harnham please contact Catherine Cardazzone at Harnham.
The Company
My client offers a close-knit working environment within defence and security, where support and collaboration are paramount. Employee input and opinions are listened to and acted upon, and each individual is considered as such; you’re never just a number in a crowd.

Active encouragement and chances for career development are plentiful, with vast exposure to varying technologies on offer. A desire to learn and continually develop is essential for anyone applying for this role.

The Role
You will be joining an expanding team within London, that work across a variety of tools as listed below. As a junior / mid-level developer you can expect clear career progression and self-tailored training to help you move up into more senior positions.

Key Skills

Use of one or more of the following would be highly beneficial.

Use of Java, C#, C++ or Python
Knowledge of Agile methodologies
Desirable Skills

Angular
React
Spring
Hibernate
MongoDB
An ability to undergo different levels of security clearance
Business analytics give organizations the ability to prepare and forecast future business interactions and
outcomes. Data is an asset that organizations already own. PwC works with clients to analyse current
data capabilities, develop a strong data foundation and then monetise that data. This process allows for
the harnessing of the power of information to optimise business performance and commercialize data
opportunities.

We are particularly focussed on:
 Helping clients do much more with the volume of data they have available through innovation
around advanced analytics and other techniques such as AI and Machine learning.
 Providing clients with insight solutions that are tailored to solve specific business problems by
applying our industry expertise combined with deep analytical skills
 Engaging with senior stakeholders across our clients’ businesses to deliver D&A solutions aligned
to business strategy and outcomes
 Design and implement effective Data Analytics capabilities focussed on delivering business value
We do this by:
 Inspecting, cleansing, transforming, modelling and exploiting our clients’ data to support
decision making, deliver business outcomes and adopt an insight to action management approach
 Implementing scalable technology enabled solutions to help client process and visualise key insights.
 Developing innovative solutions using cutting edge technologies, structured and unstructured information
 Implementing governance strategies to ensure the security, integrity, and availability of information
 Working with a range of global alliance partners from the largest (Microsoft, Oracle, Google,
SAP) to SMEs specialising in specific technologies or industry verticals
Responsibilities
 The role, largely based at Client sites (~80%) will involve providing key technical advice to
clients within the Data & Analytics domain.
 It is essential that the candidate is capable of delivering high quality work for clients,
demonstrate an understanding of both the client’s business and relevant professional standards.
 The candidate will be expected to develop and maintain respectful client relationships at a wide
variety of levels.
 Many of the tasks and assignments will involve working with teams that are drawn from a diverse cross section of the PwC Consulting practice including other team members from the Data & Analytics area.
 It is crucial that the candidate is able to take advantage of new opportunities for learning,
sharing new knowledge, being intellectually agile and thinking creatively.
 The building of internal and external relationships and networks will be highly important as will the ability to consider the needs of others when designing a strategy and delivering a project or programme of work.

Essential skills and experience
 Creative thinking and Intellectually agile
 Demonstrated senior level client stakeholder management (C suite)
 Excellent interpersonal skills
 Strong technical abilities combined with business acumen
 Ability to stay current with business and industry trends
 Ability to adapt quickly to diverse environments/challenges
 Good understanding of Data & Analytics Architectures
 Education to degree level or equivalent
 Data Analytics work stream/project management
 Implementation of D&A architectures and solutions including data warehouses, Big Data, MDM and DQM
 Awareness of business issues for Data project delivery
 Lead and mentor junior team members (from both client and PwC)
Project/Programme leadership and management
 Definition of KPIs / metrics and insight requirements
 Can articulate business opportunities and business value during Data projects
 Has experience of working with and presenting to C-suite
 Can develop propositions and take them to market
 Establishes new contacts and leverages existing networks
 Experience of design and implementation of Information Strategy, Information Architecture and Governance
 Experience of designing operating models for D&A
As a Data and Analytics practitioner you will have the opportunity to design, manage and lead a service
offering and take it to market. You will be up-to-date with the latest industry trends with a good
understanding on how to apply D&A techniques to solve your clients’ business problems.Technical Requirements:
You should have good delivery knowledge in at least one of the areas
 Machine Learning
 Data Architecture
 AI
Deep Learning

You should:
 Be able to prove and demonstrate expertise in at least one Data vendor. Possibly certified.
 Have a broader understanding of the Data market and be able to engage in conversations with the C-suite about market trends, lessons learnt, good practices and pros/cons of different vendors in the market.
 As a Senior Practitioner, also be able to deliver Information strategy engagements and lead larger Data implementation projects.
Desired Skills:
 Datanomics
 R
 Python
 Unstructured/big data/Hadoop/NoSQL/MongoDB etc..
 SSIS/SSAS/Datastage/BODS/Talend
 Programming experience (SQL, VBA, VB.net) or similar

About PwC

We’re one of the world’s leading professional services organisations. From 158 countries, we help our clients, some of the most successful organisations on the globe, as well as its most dynamic entrepreneurs and thriving private businesses, to create the value they want. We help to measure, protect and enhance the things that matter most to them.

The skills we look for in future employees

All our people need to demonstrate the skills and behaviours that support us in delivering our business strategy. This is important to the work we do for our business, and our clients. These skills and behaviours make up our global leadership framework, ‘The PwC Professional’ and are made up of five core attributes; whole leadership, technical capabilities, business acumen, global acumen and relationships.

Learn more here www.pwc.com/uk/careers/experienced/apply

Diversity

We work in a changing world which offers great opportunities for people with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We seek to attract and employ the best people from the widest talent pool, as well as those who reflect the diverse nature of our society. And we aim to encourage a culture where people can be themselves and be valued for their strengths. Creating value through diversity is what makes us strong as a business and as an organisation with an increasingly agile workforce, we're open to flexible working arrangements where appropriate.
Job Reference 19000DVV
Career area Digital and data | Early Careers
Location Weybridge
Specialism Data Science | Early Careers
Salary Starting salary from £26,000 (dependent upon skills and experience)
Closing date 17/11/2019

Description
This is an excellent opportunity for a Maths/IT graduate interested in data and programming or a Data Engineer with a year or two of experience to join a dynamic Business Information team in AXA Insurance. The team are responsible for a complex SAS data warehouse and MI Reporting infrastructure used by c70 users across the Pricing and Product departments and are involved in a project to migrate data and MI to the Azure Cloud.

Key responsibilities:
Assist with maintenance and delivery of routine ETL processes and ensure accuracy of the data.Identify and drive improvements and enhancements to the warehouse to ensure it is fit for purpose.Build relationships across the AXA business; promote the usefulness and availability of data and reports; keep business customers informed and supported.Understand and proactively manage the risks associated with data usage and ensure full compliance with all relevant legislation.Assist in the project to migrate data to Azure, using tools like Databricks, Python, Spark and PowerBIAssist in the roll out of new tools to the wider business


Qualifications
 Strong data manipulation skills An understanding of SAS, SQL, Python, R or Visual Basic (or anything similar) is desirable but other relevant statistical programming languages (e.g. Matlab) will be considered. Knowledge of PowerBI (or an equivalent tool like Qlik or Tableau) would also be useful An understanding of standard MS Office packages particularly Excel. Knowledge in VBA is also useful. Strong aptitude for learning and the ability to problem solve Ability to grasp the significance and meaning of a range of technical and complex issues Good quality numerical or computing degree and strong mathematical / logical capability (generally A-Level maths minimum and a 2:1 degree) Effective communication skills with the ability to make technical concepts both accessible and interesting to non-technical people. An organised approach to planning and prioritising own workload. A basic understanding of Azure DevOps or similar tools would be useful.
About AXA
With a presence in over 60 countries, and 165,000 employees serving the needs of 107 million customers, AXA is big.
But never too big to care for every single person who works here. So when you join us, we promise to put our collective might behind you and your career.


You’ll work in an open and supportive environment where you’ll be developed, challenged and encouraged to move around to achieve even bigger and better things – nationally and internationally. You’ll learn directly from senior leaders, from the best in our business. And you’ll enjoy real responsibility, really early on.


Every large company today talks about supporting diversity and inclusion. But at AXA UK, these values form an integral part of everything we do. For us, it’s about bringing together the best talent, helping people to realise their full potential by being 100% themselves at work and delivering outstanding service to everyone – regardless of difference.
Proud to be part of the AXA Group, a global insurance brand and a worldwide leader in financial services, AXA Insurance businesses employ over 5,500 in a network of offices across the UK. Our expert teams care for a huge range of customers, helping them protect their cars, homes and businesses against life’s uncertainties. Whether bought directly, through brokers or through a number of corporate partners, our market-leading products are trusted by millions.
What We Offer
 Annual bonus scheme linked to yours and the company’s performance Life assurance cover (10 x basic salary) Flexible benefit options, including pension and life cover flexing, holiday purchase, childcare vouchers, health, dental and critical illness plans and bikes4work. 23 days holiday entitlement, plus 8 days bank holidays. Pension scheme with employer contributions as well as your own Purchase discounted vouchers for over 100 high street stores and restaurants including Argos, Currys/PC World, New Look, Pizza Express and many more. 20% discount with EE. Discounted vouchers for Cineworld. This includes Cineworld's membership card scheme, food and beverage. Discount on all AXA Insurance products, including insurance, breakdown cover & healthcare

For all queries, please email Jo Potts (Resourcing Consultant) at joanne.potts@axa-uk.co.uk

Important notice: We've recently become aware of a recruitment scam involving the mis-use of AXA branding. If you're unsure if the person you're speaking to is genuinely an AXA recruiter or the job you're applying for is legitimately from AXA, please get in touch and we can check for you. We cannot be held responsible for any interviews conducted without our knowledge and authorisation. If you're unsure and would like some advice, feel free to get in touch with our recruitment team.


Please click here to find out more about our Recruitment Privacy Policy
Senior Python Developer
London
Up to £95,000
This is your chance to work for a rapidly growing InsurTech company in London. This company is looking for an experienced Senior Python Developer to help build the backend of their software in Python. You'll have the opportunity to work within their talented software engineering team, building the platform in microservices, using Docker + Kubernetes, and deploying everything onto AWS. If you are looking for a step up from your current role where you will have massive opportunities to progress as the company grows, then this might be the opportunity for you!
THE COMPANY:
Having just received £45 million in funding, listed as one of the top 3 disruptions to watch on the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 and in Wired magazine as one of the 5 hottest start-ups in London, this company is re-imagining insurance for modern businesses and the self-employed. They are building a software platform to bring flexible insurance options targeted at the gig-economy.
THE ROLE:
Your role working as the Senior Python Developer will be working across a number of initiatives across platform, data, architecture and team mentoring. Other responsibilities will include:
Play a key role in developing new core insurance products
Improve and optimise existing products
Help develop the architecture of their platform to support the company's long-term vision
Contribute to code reviews
Mentor other more junior members of the team
YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:
What your role as a Senior Python Developer will require:
Commercial Software Engineering experience
Strong knowledge of Python
AWS cloud architecture experience
Good foundation in Agile development practices
Excellent communication skills
TDD/BDD
THE BENEFITS:
The salary for your role as a Senior Python Developer is up to £95,000.
Along with this salary, the company are providing a wide range of benefits:
Working with founders from VC backed fast-growing start-ups
Great office location
Equipment of your choice
Company funded mental health program
Free office breakfast every Friday!
HOW TO APPLY:
Please register your interest by sending your CV to Jessica Boss via the Apply link on this page.
Java Developer - Security - Must be eligible for SC clearance

OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN A SUCCESSFUL CONSULTANCY LOOKING TO EXPAND IN LONDON
Are you a Java Developer looking for a new challenge?
Salary between £35 - £45k
This role requires the candidate to undergo SC clearance, so you must have been living in the UK for the last 6 years and not have a criminal record
To apply call 0203 763 3888, or email heather.turnbull@searchability.co.uk
Sourced by @TechCareers_LDN - your 24/7 twitter feed of latest IT vacancies across the London

WHO ARE WE?
We are a consultancy that deliver the widest possible range of solutions and services to create mission critical software fit for complex environments. By bringing those elements together, we develop software that helps our clients solve challenges while rapidly improving operational value. The majority of our clients are in the Security sector, so our team work on a lot of highly secret projects for the Government and Private clients.
WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING?
As a Java Software Engineer, you will be surrounded by teams that will help develop and solve technical problems for the most exciting customers in our industry. We ask people to arrive with a track record of customer solution delivery within Java & AWS environments and to understand the full stack of database technologies. We will then surround them with experts to support their continued development in their chosen field. In addition to this, the roles we currently have available for our London clients encompass multi-stack technology for a mix of customers, so experience of python, .net, C#, ElasticSearch, Angular and React will also be really helpful. We want you to be instrumental in building our London team, and so, these roles are perfect for Software Engineers who have an entrepreneurial mindset to match their problem-solving expertise.
YOU NEED TO HAVE…
Strong Java knowledge
Database experience - either MongoDB / ElasticSearch / Oracle
Eligibility to undergo SC clearance
A minimum of 1 year commercial experience

TO BE CONSIDERED…
Please either apply by clicking online or emailing me directly to heather.turnbull@searchability.co.uk. For further information please call me on 0203 763 3888. I can make myself available outside of normal working hours to suit from 7am until 10pm. If unavailable, please leave a message and either myself or one of my colleagues will respond. By applying for this role, you give express consent for us to process & submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. Also feel free to follow me on Twitter @searchableheath or connect with me on LinkedIn, just search Heather Turnbull, Searchability, in Google! I look forward to hearing from you.

Java / MongoDB / Oracle / Elasticsearch /MySQL / JavaScript /Agile / AWS
Searchability (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
Software Engineer : TensorFlow : Python

A Fintech in London is looking for a strong software engineer with skills in TensorFlow and Python. The company promotes economic growth on trading data for financial companies. They have recently onboarded a large and prestigious client so its looking like an exciting time ahead.The co: founders are from trading backgrounds and have built this company from the ground up.

In this role you will be working closely with data scientists machine learning concepts and implement models. You will also participate in the system architecture and design to define the production process. The role is multifaceted, and you will be key in helping bring the juniors through the ranks.

The software engineer opportunity is ideal for someone looking to work with data, building trading processing systems and full stack development.

They are looking for a software engineer with skills in:
: Python
: AWS, Linux/Unix
: SQL
: Full Stack Development
: R (bonus)

If you wanted to work in a Fintech that you can actually affect this could be the role for you. Happy to run through the opportunity with any strong software engineers, just apply below.
Description

Join a top global insurance brand as a Data Scientist in our Retail Insurance Pricing function and develop your career with a world leader.


With a presence in over 60 countries, and 165,000 employees serving the needs of 107 million customers, AXA is big. But never too big to care for every single person who works here. So when you join us, we promise to put our collective might behind you and your career.


You’ll work in an open and supportive environment where you’ll be developed, challenged and encouraged to move around to achieve even bigger and better things – nationally and internationally. You’ll learn directly from senior leaders, from the best in our business. And you’ll enjoy real responsibility, really early on.


Every large company today talks about supporting diversity and inclusion. But at AXA UK, these values form an integral part of everything we do. For us, it’s about bringing together the best talent, helping people to realise their full potential by being 100% themselves at work and delivering outstanding service to everyone – regardless of difference.


Proud to be part of the AXA Group, the number one global insurance brand and a worldwide leader in financial services, AXA Insurance businesses employ over 5,500 in a network of offices across the UK. Our expert teams care for a huge range of customers, helping them protect their cars, homes and businesses against life’s uncertainties. Whether bought directly, through brokers or through a number of corporate partners, our market-leading products are trusted by millions.


What you will be doing


As a Junior Data Scientist you will harness new predictive technologies, techniques and data sources to continually improve pricing decisions enabling profitable growth.


You will:


Test new models and ensembles against incumbent models and contribute to projects to ensure efficient, reliable, high quality models are built on appropriately sized datasets

Develop modelling tools and metrics to assess the value of new models and monitor the value of existing data science models and machine learning services

Contribute to development of current data pipelines

Assist with the testing of new analytical technologies and help select those to be used formally in projects based on future scalability, speed of deployment, efficiency of storage/memory and cost

Search for new external data sources & and assess their commercial benefit

Identify novel ways of using existing data for the creation of new modelling features

Represent the data science team in interactions with UK and AXA global teams

Play an active role in the AXA UK & Ireland data science community

Posting Date: Friday 25th October 2019


Closing Date: Monday 25th November 2019


Qualifications

What are we looking for?


Excellent mathematical skills with a degree (2:1 or higher) in a mathematics related discipline or evidence of equivalent proficiency

Critical and analytical approach to problem structuring

Ability & desire to continually learn and develop

Strong drive to deliver and comfortable collaborating in a team

A demonstrable interest in machine learning & data science

Effective communication to technical and non-technical audiences

(Desirable) Experience working with Git

(Desirable) More advanced skills in R, Python and SQL plus some skill in other analysis tools e.g. H2O/ArcGIS


About AXA

With a presence in over 60 countries, and 165,000 employees serving the needs of 107 million customers, AXA is big.


But never too big to care for every single person who works here. So when you join us, we promise to put our collective might behind you and your career.


You’ll work in an open and supportive environment where you’ll be developed, challenged and encouraged to move around to achieve even bigger and better things – nationally and internationally. You’ll learn directly from senior leaders, from the best in our business. And you’ll enjoy real responsibility, really early on.


Every large company today talks about supporting diversity and inclusion. But at AXA UK, these values form an integral part of everything we do. For us, it’s about bringing together the best talent, helping people to realise their full potential by being 100% themselves at work and delivering outstanding service to everyone – regardless of difference.

Proud to be part of the AXA Group, a global insurance brand and a worldwide leader in financial services, AXA Insurance businesses employ over 5,500 in a network of offices across the UK. Our expert teams care for a huge range of customers, helping them protect their cars, homes and businesses against life’s uncertainties. Whether bought directly, through brokers or through a number of corporate partners, our market-leading products are trusted by millions.

What We Offer

What we can offer you
As you’d expect from a global leader, our reward package is a world-beater – here’s a small selection of our current benefits.
Annual bonus scheme linked to yours and the company’s performancePension scheme with employer contributions as well as your own23 days holidayLife assurance cover (10 x basic salary)Flexible benefit options, including pension and life cover flexing, holiday purchase, childcare vouchers, health, dental and critical illness plans and bikes4work.Interest free season ticket loan schemeShare Plan SchemeDiscount on all AXA Insurance products, including insurance, breakdown cover & healthcare

Apply
Important notice: We've recently become aware of a recruitment scam involving the mis-use of AXA branding. If you're unsure if the person you're speaking to is genuinely an AXA recruiter or the job you're applying for is legitimately from AXA, please get in touch and we can check for you. We cannot be held responsible for any interviews conducted without our knowledge and authorisation. If you're unsure and would like some advice, feel free to get in touch with our recruitment team.


Please click here to find out more about our Recruitment Privacy Policy
